Maple Gingersnaps
Adapted from http://www.floatingkitchen.net/maple-ginger-snaps/

For the Maple Ginger Snap Dough
5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces
1 cup brown sugar, packed
1/3 cup maple syrup
1/4 tsp. maple extract
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. canola oil (if dough is too dry)
1 egg
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 tsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. baking soda
2 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 tsp. ginger
1/2 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. nutmeg
1/8 tsp. cloves

For the Maple Ginger Sugar
1/3 cup white sugar
1 tsp. maple syrup
1/4. tsp. ginger

Instructions
1) Make the browned butter. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan or skillet over medium heat. Continue heating the butter, whisking constantly, until it begins to foam. Continue to cook (and continue to whisk) until the butter has deepened in color and smells nutty. Remove the pan from the heat and pour the browned butter into a measuring cup (you should have 1/4 of a cup) and set aside.

2) Make the cookie dough. In the bowl of your mixer with the paddle attachment, combine the brown sugar, maple syrup, extracts and the browned butter. Beat until smooth. Add the egg and beat until well combined. Mix the flour and other dry ingredients ahead of time (SERIOUSLY, mixing ahead of time is important for this recipe!!!). Beat in the dry ingredients until well combined (but likely will be crumbly), and then hand-knead dough until smooth. Transfer the bowl to your refrigerator to chill the dough for about 1 hour.

3) In the meantime, make the maple ginger sugar for rolling. Place the sugar in a small bowl. While stirring with a fork, slowly add the maple syrup. It will be clumpy at first, but keep mixing with the fork and it will eventually even out. Stir in the ginger. Set aside.

4) Pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and form it into balls (I used about 1 1/2 tablespoons of dough per ball). Roll the dough balls in the maple ginger sugar and place on your parchment paper-lined baking sheet, leaving about 1 1/2 to 2 inches between each dough ball.

5) Transfer the baking sheet to your pre-heated oven and bake for 10 minutes. Rotate the baking sheet and bake for another 2 minutes. Remove the cookies from the oven and allow them to cool on their baking sheet for about 5 minutes before transferring them to a wire rack to cool completely. Continue with the remaining cookie dough until all the cookies are baked.

Once the cookies are fully cooled, store them in an air-tight container at room temperature for 3-5 days.